1. 
* Fork creates a separate memory space from the parent process, which results in both the 
global and local variables being initialized and incremented twice (glob = 1, loc = 1). The child process created
by vfork shares the same address space of its parent process, leading to the global variable
only being initialized once and incremented twice (glob = 2, loc = 1). 

* Each thread has a local variable while the global variable is shared between threads. 

2.
* Threads that do not get to the resource right away are put on hold and have to wait until t
he resource is available.

* When a thread has required a resource, it releases it after 2 seconds so that the next thread can
acquire the resource. As long as a thread releases the resource so that other threads can use it, 
no threads will "starve", and the resources are shared "fairly".

3. 
* Before adding a mutex the threads could access the resources at the same time, which lead to
var1 and var2 not always being the same when the thread2 printed them. This happened because
the thread1 could increment var1, then the thread2 could print var1 and var2
before thread1 had the chance to set var2 = var1.

4.
* The deadlock happened because each thread picked up the fork to their right, making it
impossible for anyone to pick up two forks and start eating. Since nothing was implemented 
to release the right fork, the threads were stuck in a deadlock and the program halted.

* I solved it by implementing a waiter-mutex which is assigned to allow a philosopher to pick
up a fork. There is only one waiter, and only one philosopher can get permission from the waiter
at a time. It is first come first serve, and the first to get permission picks up both forks and
eats for a fixed amount of time. When they are done, they release the forks, and the thread that
was next in line to request gets permission to pick up forks. 

* Another method could be for the philosophers to drop their one fork after a random time. This
way, the resources are available more often, and a higher chance (but not guaranteed) of a
philosopher being able to eat.

